Terms of Service for RentFAX

Last Updated: [Date]

Welcome to RentFAX! These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your access to and use of the RentFAX website, products, and services ("Services"). Please read these Terms carefully, and contact us if you have any questions.

By accessing or using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and by our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use our Services.

1. Using RentFAX

You may use our Services only if you can form a binding contract with RentFAX, and only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws. When you create your RentFAX account, you must provide us with accurate and complete information. Any use or access by anyone under the age of 18 is prohibited. If you open an account on behalf of a company, organization, or other entity, then (a) "you" includes you and that entity, and (b) you represent and warrant that you are authorized to grant all permissions and licenses provided in these Terms and bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entity's behalf.

2. Content

Our Services allow you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post to the Services, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness. By posting Content to the Services, you grant us the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Services. You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services and you are responsible for protecting those rights.

3. Prohibited Activities

You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (i) copying, distributing, or disclosing any part of the Services in any medium, including without limitation by any automated or non-automated "scraping"; (ii) using any automated system, including without limitation "robots," "spiders," "offline readers," etc., to access the Services in a manner that sends more request messages to the RentFAX servers than a human can reasonably produce in the same period of time by using a conventional on-line web browser; (iii) transmitting spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email; (iv) attempting to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Services; (v) taking any action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (vi) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the Services; (vii) collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Services; (viii) using the Services for any commercial solicitation purposes; (ix) impersonating another person or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting fraud, hiding or attempting to hide your identity; (x) interfering with the proper working of the Services; (xi) accessing any content on the Services through any technology or means other than those provided or authorized by the Services; or (xii) bypassing the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services, including without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Services or the content therein.

4. Termination

We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms. Upon termination, your right to use the Services will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Services.

5. Disclaimers

Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.

RentFAX, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.

6. Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.

7. Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.